Hi, everyone, welcome to a yet another fun project.
In this chapter, we are going to create a very nice looking and working, of course, working piano
at.
All right, so this app works in two ways, you can go ahead and click on any of these piano buttons
and it is going to play a note for you.
The note is the notes that I've used here.
You can just download them from the Internet.
We have quite a lot of them.
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12.
We have 12 notes here.
You can download them from the Internet.
And if you want to follow along and code along, make sure to copy this notes folder inside the directory
of your vehicle or your code editor.
All right.
So you can do ahead and you can go ahead and click on these buttons and you can use the the Z key all
the way to the M to play the White Keys and the S and D.
So this key, this one is s, this one is D and this one is G H and also J.
So this has been created like think of it as a keyboard.
So I'm just going to grab on screen keyboard and I'm going to show you.
So let's make this smaller and let's bring it here.
So Z when I click there, if I click it is going to play that then X then see the B and I'm all right,
I'm just going to increase the volume so it is you can hear it better.
So we have s d g h j.
Right.
So this is where the keys are.
This is how this has been created.
Right.
So you can click on this and play.
Of course, I cannot play piano.
I don't know how to play.
I've created it, but I don't know how to play it.
All right.
So this is the app that we are going to create in this chapter.
Now, let's go over the demo.
Well, this is like the simplest estimate so far.
We have a diff container for all the buttons where we have a key, which which also each of these but
device, they're actually our buttons for the piano.
So each of them is going to have a data note C, D, flat D, E, flat E, we have F, G flat, a flat,
A, B flat and B, all right.
So these are the data notes.
The class one is going to be key white.
So this is this key block, all of them.
They have two classes, a key class on a a class of common and a class of different.
Then we have all of our ideas here, like casually inside this body.
We have again now the representation should be the same.
The order should be the same.
So when we have C note inside, which is the first div, the first audio should be C as well.
So then we have D flat.
We have defined here we have D the third one E flat, then we have E F and all the way down and the
notes they have to be selected in that order as well.
So that was the e-mail.
The CSF, super simple.
We have our normal.
We have our normal reset, which I forgot to bring in the padding and margin, and then we have the
body, we have the piano itself, which is a display flex.
We have the white keys, some styling for the white keys.
We have a dynamic class of active and we have two dynamic classes.
One is active for the white key and one is active for the black, because whenever you click on the
white key, you can see that the background color changes to a light kind of grayish color.
And when you click on this black kid, the background color changes to, again, the same kind of color.
It's it's actually like different shades of this gray color.
We have some styling for the Black Keys and we have a dynamic class for black.
Now, there is a cool trick here.
Now the width of these black keys is 60 pixels.
But if I were to go ahead and remove the margins and come here because this is our project, this is
how they would look like.
All right.
So if changed the background, this was the original project that I created.
But I don't think that it looks cool.
So I just I just go ahead and change it to darker grey kind of color.
So this is how they look like.
Right.
But if I provide the model left and the margin right, so this part is going to be margin left until
half of this with and this part is going to be margin.
Right.
Half of this.
Then the keys are going to appear on top of each other.
A very nice trick that we can use.
So let's bring back to bring it back to reset.
So this is our final hour, but this is something that we need to work with.
So Indianness, starting from the next lecture, we are going to dive into the sea is sorry to the JavaScript
part of this piano.
Of course, this is not limited to just 12 keys.
You can increase the number of keys you can create like a huge piano.
But this this is going to give you an idea of how you can create a Web app, web application for a piano.
OK, so this is going to give you an idea for that.
And we are going to learn a lot of cool new things in here in this project that I can't wait to get
in to see you guys in the next lecture.